 1.  Blockchain is a distributed database existing on multiple computers at the same time. It is constantly growing as new sets of recordings, or 'blocks', are added to it.
     Each block contains a timestamp and a link to the previous block, so they actually form a chain.Sep 4, 2017.
     A Blockchain is a chain of blocks which contain information. The data which is stored inside a block depends on the type of blockchain. 
     For Example, A Bitcoin Block contains information about the Sender, Receiver, number of bitcoins to be transferred.
     The first block in the chain is called the Genesis block.May 2, 2020
     It allows users to manipulate the ledger in a secure way without the help of a third party. It allows a free cryptocurrency through a decentralized environment.


 2.  Blockchain Addresses the Problem of Data Security and Trust by Making the Ledger Public. Hardware and software errors are not the only data security issue. 
    The blockchain has to also protect itself from willful fraud and theft. Two blockchain design features help in this effort.Apr 24, 2019

 3. Cannot be Corrupted. There are some exciting blockchain features but among them “Immutability” is undoubtedly one of the key features of blockchain technology. ...
    Decentralized Technology. ...
    Enhanced Security. ...
    Distributed Ledgers. ...
    Consensus. ...
    Faster Settlement.


 4. A blockchain, originally block chain, is a growing list of records, called blocks, that are linked using cryptography. 
    Each block contains a cryptographic hash of the previous block, a timestamp, and transaction data (generally represented as a Merkle tree).
    Blocks hold batches of valid transactions that are hashed and encoded into a Merkle tree. Each block includes the cryptographic hash of the prior block in the blockchain,
    linking the two. The linked blocks form a chain.This iterative process confirms the integrity of the previous block, all the way back to the original genesis block.


 5. The block time is the average time it takes for the network to generate one extra block in the blockchain. Some blockchains create a new block as frequently as every five seconds. 
    By the time of block completion, the included data becomes verifiable. In cryptocurrency, this is practically when the transaction takes place, so a shorter block time means faster 
    transactions. The block time for Ethereum is set to between 14 and 15 seconds, while for bitcoin it is on average 10 minutes.



